this is a really subtle low-key way to
let people know that you support the
channel you know I mean at the gym
nobody even notices if anyone in your
life can read Chinese then you got
chunsu jewy going from top to bottom
right you got a Bala CL and when people
you know get up in your face even if
they have no idea what about Lucille
says if they can't read French or they
can't guess it as she says they're in
fine text The Vegan demi-monde so
different people react it is a t-shirt
that gets a lot of attention we went
through two printings this is the second
printing cuz I'm a perfectionist the
first printing was too low on the chest
and also not wide enough so I made them
go back and do it a second time yeah
this is closer to the color and it
really so even on my size I'm actually
wearing a medium because I like it
clingy anyway but she is wearing a small
yeah that's true but on me - or me - you
know what I have not been to the gym yet
today but I gotta say when I was sitting
here in front of the camera I was like
wow I can tell I'm not been to the gym
but the medium even is not that tight on
me and I've been going to the gym a lot
lately so maybe I should switch to
wearing small also I don't know but with
the largest size we got it's a bit of a
boxy fit and it's extra boxy when you've
still got a brand new with the starch
this is extra large
we went up only to extra large there is
no extra extra large yeah you can tell
relative the size of the square that has
a dress alright guys we did this old
school this is not printed from a
website this is not like you know you
click on we have we have 100 t-shirts in
stacks like this inside the apartment
right now but the reason we're posting
this video first I talked a little about
why may the t-shirts at all how this
links into my past present future Amanda
here on YouTube but secondly in just a
couple of days we are flying to Los
Angeles California so we're giving these
t-shirts away for free which will
probably obvious to you from the title
of this video if you're in the United
States and we ship them within the
United States then it's gonna probably
cost you $3 like maybe less your
shipping is done by weight so I assume a
t-shirt ways
than 200 grams we'll find out the hard
way but even if I ship from Canada to
the United States like it could be $5.00
or $6.00 I'm just looking at the chart
from the post office it'll be very very
little money we are not charging a
single dime towards the cost of the
printing or the cost teacher itself it
is a free t-shirt it is indeed my way to
say thank you it is my way to express
you know gratitude for the positive role
that my supporters have had in my life
I mean YouTube it's ups and downs but
it's meant a lot to me brought Melissa
into my life brought a lot of positive
things in my life brought a lot of
negative things in my life in
disappointment but I mean notably you
guys already know at one point I was
looking at a court case in Thailand and
people you know stood up and donated
$6,500 with no expectation of a no
expectation of a free t-shirt or
anything else coming back to them I
raised six thousand five dollars in a
belt one day it was a little bit over 24
hours that those donations came in um
you know I've been able to lead a much
more intellectually rewarding life
through YouTube than my own professors
have at the University and you know some
of my professors they did try they tried
to start their own Twitter accounts and
tried to start publishing on one of
these you know platform like minds.com
where there are these different kind of
it's more intellectually pretentious
platforms than youtube I've seen
different people trying to cope with the
the 21st century Agora in different ways
the marketplace of ideas and you know
it's it's a struggle but I mean even
when I have a video that goes up that
gets like 500 views I do feel grateful
for that she lives with me she hears me
say it all the time I'll upload a video
and there's there's no hook you know
what I mean there's nothing it's not
like me like when I do a video
criticizing Joe Rogan obviously you're
gonna get some people coming over
because they're interested in Critias
and Joe Rogan that's a hook I do a video
about the fat phobic fat shaming versus
body positivity topic obviously this
hook that's gonna bring in people who
aren't regular this machine but somes
upload a video just says like my
university is crap and I'm pissed off
about it I'm disappointed with course at
my university and you know five hundred
people take the time to listen to what
I've got to say and I do get e-mails
back and messages back from patron
supporters and people telling me you
know that's meaningful for them I really
am grateful for that and me putting
these t-shirts
is in a
ethereal sense in a tangible sense you
know my first opportunity to give
something back to the viewers I mean at
different points people actually used to
recommend that I that I send out the
scarves I wear it's hard for me I'm sure
Don scarves we've got los angeles i
should try to buy some new scarf it's
not easy for me to get scars but oh you
were the scarves all the time send out
the scarves for supports the channel but
they like no currently it's a t-shirt
not a scarf um
the total amount of money this was
mentioned in passing another video so i
mentioned that when i have a successful
video it generates $1 in youtube revenue
so that's a video that gets about 5,000
views which for me is is a smash hit
video and actually this tracks pretty
closely to the lifetime earnings for
this channel on youtube because i've had
over 900 videos and the total amount of
revenue generated from this channel
all-time was just over $900 think it was
nine hundred and sixty or nine hundred
and seventy dollars and i finally got
that in a check from youtube after we
got back to canada from living in china
for two years yes that is true
no i mean in terms of in terms of
building up your your your fan base I
mean you know your audiences to find you
you have to find your audience there's a
lot that goes into it and financially
there is very little that comes out of
it that's fine anyone who's in this for
the money is nuts
but nevertheless I got a check for $1000
which is accumulated labor for years you
want to go that way or you might say
it's a minor byproduct of a hobby I mean
it's nice that this earns money rather
than cost me money I don't know if I'd
have to pay a thousand dollars you know
what I still do it instead of earning a
thousand dollars it's a good question
been with is this there's this small
amount of revenue over four years that
built up and I was looking at that what
I'm really burdened with is the
awareness that my earnings are not
remotely enough to do the things that I
would like to do in terms of taking this
channel forward next step I would like
to do you something you guys heard me
talking with this IRL I wanted to work
on as a conference so I wanted to a
conference in Vancouver talking
specifically about pragmatism what is
really it's an answer to the reduce
Italian conference idea this is the anti
reduce tutoring conference we say what
does it mean be pragmatic
let's take forward this discourse about
the meaning of the word primary about
pragmatism because I don't think that
this kind of compromise is pragmatic and
you have contrasting views maybe other
people what other kinds of governments
the romantic my girlfriend's heard all
this stuff for me a million times before
you're not gonna to me pragmatism is not
selling out your fundamental principles
right but still there are all kinds of
really pragmatic questions to be asked
and answered about what we're gonna do
moving venus for the future so I'd love
to do that the main reason we're that
happen was actually not financial it was
lack of legitimate participants I got on
skype I got on the horn as people used
to say with the the list of people I had
it could possibly participate and let me
tell you I'm more than a little bit
disappointed in my contemporaries if I
did this this conference it would be
like a one-man show I might as well do
stand-up comedy and some of you guys
will know I'm not joking when I talk
about the real possibility I'm gonna
spin off from this channel another
separate channel that's just doing
politics and that may be more like jimmy
dore you know jimmy dore is a stand-up
comedian who noticed politics and i may
start doing IRL real-life stand-up
comedy on stage branching out from the
channel those ways because that's
something i can do alone and four years
into this game i've had to learn the
hard way
whatever activism I'm gonna do whatever
I'm gonna get you thinking movement I've
got to do all alone let me clear people
I'm not lonely I'm not lonely
I'm not lonely but I'm alone I do I do
have Melissa's undying support I do but
uh you know what I mean you know what I
mean I mean you know in terms of putting
together that conference I should have
been able to bring in people with from a
variety of backgrounds with experience
in vegan activism etc and I couldn't and
I didn't and I won't but I thought I
commit the time and money to that
especially this peculiar time in our
lives before we go to college most you
already know this we're going to baking
: at a bake and we're engaging with
baking as part of our own featuring bade
engagement with vegan activism to have a
platform for you know the food based
business side of the future of veganism
and people and being an activist
but aside from that the other big
failure that this t-shirt this free
t-shirt promotion is very much in the
shadow of was the Illustrated storybook
concept so how long for like two years
something like that I was trying to get
this story book Illustrated and
published and part of the opportunity
there was the death of my biological
father he told me before he died that he
was gonna leave me a significant amount
of cash he had nine kids nine so his his
inheritance was spread out very thin
across the board and he lived a
remarkable life in which he did all the
things he wanted to do and you know he
spent all the money he earned which is
certainly his right so there was in fact
much less much less for me to inherit
than I think he had imagined in u.s.
dollars I got about twenty thousand
dollars and when I was looking at that I
was looking at the enormous cost ahead
of me leaving China and moving back to
Canada etc etc it was obvious I was not
gonna get the storybook published and
I'm sorry but the other brutal reality
is this relates to the low levels of
support on patreon if I were getting say
$400 a month on patreon that book would
already be published by now with
absolutely no problem in devastation on
my part that would completely do it I'm
getting about $100 a month on patreon
what our internet bill was like 72 plus
month said I was Canadian I should know
Canadian dollars are worth a lot less
than US dollars right now but you know
simply there isn't enough patreon
support for me to move forward with that
there's not enough support from any
source and the first artists we work
with we worked with past tense
completely finked out in let us now and
i put a lot of time and energy into that
we were at the full contract I was
willing to pay her to move forward with
it
but long story short she was actually
not even capable of doing the
illustration she made a lot of weird
excuses talking about her anxiety and
what-have-you but the reality was she
couldn't for example draw a human figure
with correct proportions
she couldn't draw a view of the scenery
you know with a horizon with you know
the correct effect of the horizon of
things being proportioned schemed
horizon she couldn't do a landscape
drawing there were a lot of things she
just couldn't do so the first artists we
work with we did talk to other artists
since then but financially it turned out
like I wasn't expecting a ton of
money if I had inherited say $50,000 I
would have been enough me to press ahead
with that and that again would have been
a way for me to give back to my viewers
where I'd be able to say hey people can
sign up and get a free book or maybe a
book for the cost of postage handling
whatever I was hoping that that book
would really be the way for me to reach
out and give back to the people who
supported me in support of this channel
and that's not gonna happen
so yeah I am very disappointed with that
so many people have told me that book
him back to them deeply including meat
eaters but like the emotional impact of
that book on people including a lot of
Chinese people is enormous I know that
the script for that book is way the hell
better than the other you know
children's books you know preaching
veganism including those published by
casey taft my old nemesis you know
there's a lot of really weak books in
that category this is one that could
have made a positive impact on a lot of
people's lives I've already seen that
and we had a long list of people step up
to translate it now I've been PUC
translated into German and Russian of
course original language Chinese
Japanese Dutch etc etc but it seemed
like there was no way forward so for now
the simple message of this video is
thank you guys for supporting the
channel it means a lot to me
unfortunately the support for the
channel is not enough for me to move
forward either with a conference idea
which would have loved to do or worth
publishing the children's storybook idea
but what it is enough for me to do is
send you this free t-shirt in the mail
if you act now if you act now so what
small medium small medium large extra
large and that's it no extra extra large
we were assuming my viewers were
relatively Slama and it is it is a
pretty big boxy fit as we were joking
around at the beginning if you're in the
u.s. a contact me absolutely ASAP
through patreon messages or through
emails and we'll get this set up if not
I mean if you get back to me a month
from now it probably won't be that big a
deal but then we're gonna be deal with
shipping from Canada and the minor
miscellaneous problems you get when
something crosses the border and when
you're you know you could get hit up
with fees because I'm gonna write down
it's free it's being sent for free but
they might impose taxes on it with the
assumption that's worth 20 bucks there's
something things like that happening
when you were exporting from Canada the
United States easily for exporting
something that you claim is that
absolutely zero value hit me up